hey hey hey welcome back to another look
that was bad
and so I have just done my chemistry
practical and I made cinnamon and it
smelt really good and I actually enjoyed
the lab and I I'm not usually a
practical person like me and practicals
don't get one but today was a good one
rocked the lab coat that lab goggles it
was good it was good this evening I have
a meeting where there's going to
be cake it's one going and they're also
gonna kind of go over cook sink because
basically my outing got canceled on
Wednesday but I'm going on Friday and
then I'm hoping to do cop Seng regularly
like alone so we'll see how that goes
but yeah busy evening this evening hello
this is the weekly laundry segment cuz
that's how exciting I look Soph I've
just got my stuff
and the washing machine because I'm
literally a pro I know exactly what I'm
doing that putting my fabric conditioner
into the
getting lovely clean clothes clothes
like I found myself running out of stuff
to wear it's a disaster so we've had to
watch this evening I've got a meeting in
15 minutes time so got to be quick okay
I had a near disaster where I forgot to
put the fabric conditioner in but I
rectified it I stopped the machine I put
it in don't know if that's what it's
supposed to do me and it's been there
flooding so we're good with that one
okay can we just appreciate for a second
how cute this bag is look life is short
by the shoes so true so okay so it's
like ten past midnight and I had a
disaster you can't see me right now cuz
it's that dark and there's like no
lights and chapel caught at night but
basically I left my stuff in the tumble
dryer I forgot all about it
and no I just about to go to bed and so
I was like oh wait my stuff's in the
tumble dryer you could get that great
and yeah I know I've been like it's been
a fun evening but now retired and I'm
supposed to be up cook sitting at
6:40 tomorrow morning I do that so
clearly up at like 6:00 help wash my
hair as well
so the laundry room is in the basement
anyone in here well it's knit weird that
no one else does their laundry at 10
past midnight
why is there no one else here how
strange
at least my stuff hasn't been turfed out
this time
probably there's no one else does like
the laundry at this time yeah is it dry
kind of fiddles dry
so no it's evening I went to UM heat a
Mitchell drink please Mitchell society
is the Natural Sciences Society at Jesus
for all that natural sciences or anyone
who's interested in Natural Sciences
study Natural Sciences hence why I went
oh socializing with other people and
other years you know sciences and like
lecturers and Sciences at Jesus or um
directors of studies at Jesus in Natural
Sciences or supervisors who are people
who have a weekly session with us and
help us with our work we don't
understand questions of cert and whatnot
so that was good free drinks in the
so why not just like banana over I've
got a new University card they found my
original one which they didn't have in
the bottom of the recycling tray in the
end it was more like socializing and
then been in the JCR
and games room just like just chilling
out room basically which is which was
quite nice but now because I've got
Cookson I said but now again that's
really bad habit with the owl I'm really
sorry I keep saying that but um tomorrow
I've got sing at the crack of dawn
so I'm just being pretty sleepy I
haven't even got my other washing that
needs to dry I've just left it in a bin
liner that's too bad isn't it not gonna
have time tomorrow morning either this
is like my life is a mess what am i
doing at uni my parents are gonna watch
this video and think oh my God why have
we sent her off to uni and she can't do
anything it's that bad well that's
everything at the tumble dry so that
concludes the laundry segment for this
week's vlog but stay tuned for more fun
[Music]
hey it's a horrible day today it's
raining and it's not been very nice I
basically cycled from the earth sciences
department back to college in the
pouring rain it was horrible that surely
I was soaked through like I've dried off
now but I had a towel I was that soaked
it was horrible like my bike seat I kept
trying to rub off like all the rainwater
but it was just poor again and doing
about a six had to just sit on it and
get a wet bum and then um my trousers
whether it should be soaked through my
denim jacket yes I know I wasn't quite
summery outfit so it wasn't the widest
idea but I got soaked through and I need
a bicycle umbrella do bicycle and
brothers exist because I need one that
was awful what if that happens again it
can't brain struggles struggles
struggles struggles I know I think I'm
going to head off to the library now I
spend my life in the library to get some
chemistry work done because my chemistry
supervisor is insisting we do these
questions but we have not yet covered in
lectures so I need to go get the
textbook and learn from the textbook and
teach myself like we emailed him and
said we haven't covered it yeah what do
you see no what do we suggest you you
know we've tried our hardest but we just
don't start doing he was like oh well
you should be able to understand you can
look up online of it snow in the book or
something
it's hard work it's hard work hello we
are in the JIT my ostrich I do English
at Jesus first year drunk as hell I'm
the cat looking guy in the first videos
picture this is the nice civilized
blondes it's very late so I'm going to
bed in a minute and my family who
basically come to visit me over
breakfast since Jesus are not doing
brunch this Saturday travesty
[Music]
yeah I suppose the universe's not really
hello so you might be thinking oh I'm in
the car that's cause my parents are here
they're driving me to my darts class
this afternoon thundering formulas and
dark things nothing we were full room
Latin dancing again today which will be
fun and I get a lift there so I don't
have to cycle because it's quite way out
it's bright out the West Cambridge site
so that should be good but then my
parents gonna go into town with my
sister and they'll they'll chill out and
yeah my mom has been doing some ironing
which is very nice that's what you get
parents here for do you iron it for you
so that's all for now
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
and good morning it is Sunday now about
nearly ten o'clock cause had I got a bit
of a lion it's had quite a late night
last night it's fun I had the natural
scientists party and then we went to
spoons after which was really good it
turns like into like a kind of more Club
kind of thing on a Saturday it's like a
weird spoons but no fun times now my
sister is coming over to have also round
and yeah I had quite a woofmans this
morning I kind of overheard dollars show
kind of coasting down it's having a
salad
should be good and it's nice to have a
decent meal like I love Jesus capital
it's nice to get out
I'm looking
very nice
so I am at the chemistry department and
looking a bit rough today when they
makeup on because I was cook saying this
morning I was apparently had to come
straight to lectures from clapping and
I've got to go help with supervision
once again understand there I've got
another lecture and then I thought oh no
sighs as well chemistry building or just
in my lecture white cracks around here
so go okay so it's now the afternoon and
I am back in my room just about to get
started on some more work after lunch
but I've just been sent my feedback for
my coaxing trip this morning it was a
bit of a disaster because basically the
boats righto like I think it broke
because they're putting it in the water
oh no one knew but there was a bit of
like a bump when it's being put in the
water but anyway the boats rudder was
broken but like didn't realize first of
all and I've thought I was like so bad
at steering because as culturally like
you shout people you say I which side to
put more pressure on and you have a
rudder to try and control it so you
don't like you stand at the right side
of the river etc but that literally
foremost that we were like always
variant was just side the river and I
think everyone's thinking I'm with all
this cooks it's absolutely awful I was
thinking oh my god I'm really bad at
this like I've done it before but like
us thinking okay I've just not got the
knack and then um well I was thinking is
it me or is it these rowers like are
they not listening to me when I say put
more pressure on that side alongside the
bank you have the coach cycling along
and then also senior Cox because I'm
only a novice cooks and I should not be
trusted at this point so they were
certain they were like oh yeah I think
the rudders broken I was like yeah I
think it's tube anyway yeah the bread
was broken and it was a real struggle
that getting back took ages okay because
you're supposed to down the right but
except bring over to the left and other
crews not really rude they were like
getting really like grumpy and like god
that could have been collision they
could have been collisions for anyway
I've just been set my feedback because I
had to rush off to lectures like as soon
as I got on the boat I was like go get
my stuff
what feedback have I got oh wow
okay oh I thought I did a really good
job especially considering the broken
rudder it won't always be that hard to
steer that's good
it's not easy especially with novices
rowing and some senior crews were not
very patient to say it the least some
positives my calls were clear and nice
and confident oh yeah get me good grasp
of which side is which and who needs to
take strokes when that's good and I said
hold it up and easy there and you need
the book to stop you shout at them you
say stop rowing I've got this already
I've got this already the boat continues
to drift and often you would then have
to hold it up or go into the bank but
did happen a fair bit if you're off
course and easy there tries to be a bit
quicker to get boat / to's take a stroke
fair enough fair enough
I'm excited for my next outing now very
excited bring on the next outing I was
like I was gonna like a video this
morning I was I was so like sad to be up
so early like I was in such a bad mood
but being up I was like I can't even get
my camera I couldn't get my camera out
to film this is awful I was thinking I
can't continue with this but actually
both times have been out like proper
like in a boat now coaxing I've come
back feeling like like that's so much
fun of you see this again so I
definitely need to keep it up anyway
ballroom not seem to start look ballroom
dancing this evening before then I'm
gonna go to the library get some group
study done maybe if there's other people
who want to group study perhaps and yeah
this is the group study space
not with anyone with me it's just me
right now
people will come later it'll fill up
it's fine but now you have butts in here
there's bean bags down that you can see
them just over the table or tonight and
yeah this is a fun walk I've been doing
a ton of max questions are due tomorrow
mister it's just vectors at the moment
so it's mostly stuff I've done at a
level but the song that's new and their
word in the questions in a funny way but
no it's okay
gotta keep going
and then there's like a whiteboard you
can write on anyone without problems so
it's now at that point in the weekend
when I am editing my video so I'm gonna
end this one here and yeah thank you for
watching and I'll see you next week bye